NF => How to estimate the standard deviation (and 95% confidence interval)

Try out (d1+d2)/2 or why not just drop the denominator

First fix the high standard deviation case by limiting the window size when you are 95% confident about your prediction

How to estimate the parameters => estimate the mean and standard deviation and then use some 95% confidence kind of idea

Think how alpha and other parameters should be varied

CF should be calculated in such a way that if the 2 numbers are far away more than 5% time, then it should penalize.

When should we stop increasing the window size : when we are reasonably confident about our estimate : Paper  "Online Linear Regression and Its Application to
Model-Based Reinforcement Learning" may be helpful => This may lead to a new exploration-exploitation strategy


Some subtle changes/ideas


Explain in the thesis why it is not a good idea to keep increasing the sliding window size.

Reason for change from multiplicative decrease to sudden decrease : Multiplicative decrease introduces additional parameter. Same effect can be achieved by using different convex combination to calculate CQ. Also, sometimes some baggage remains while doing multiplicative decrease which haunts later. 

General idea for threshhold : Should be more for more standard deviation. Reason - interval= t*sd*sqrt(...)

When a sliding window contains all the arms which are same, then next arm pulled is chosen to be as close to the already present arms in the window. This will help not drastically changing the confidence interval due to change in x_bar. 
Another drawback of sliding window: Once when the window size is halved, Confidence interval will increase (due to less samples) leading to difficult detection

"What is the penalty of not increasing the window size" : You will end up having all the arms same in the window more often, resulting in having to pull a non-optimal arm resulting in more cumulative regret. "What is the fix" : Whenever such a scenario happens increase the window size by 1. In this way, we get the best of both worlds, resulting in increasing the window size by O(sqrt(T)) in such cases in worst case. 

In high standard deviation, it is difficult to detect small changes in b.

In the thesis, discuss 
-- the difference between prediction interval and confidence interval
-- For restricting the window size, what is the drawback of taking small tolerance

Taking only the half window will also help when changes in b are of continuous nature as compared to abrupt

Other alternatives:
-Divide window size by half: After making it half, CI increases which makes it difficult to detect further changes
-Take average of past 10 : doesn't take into account the exact devaiation
-Detect increase in SD

